---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/adventure/arc-2/a2-e3/"}
---

Following right behind the party into the throne room are the palace staff and clerics, who immediately run to the kings body and are able to revivify him. Veris sneaks out as he doesn't want to be associated with the Kings death. Thurva gathers information from the party, then asks if they will investigate the murder that Peter seemed to have been framed for, while the crownsguard deal with the terrorists. With an escort of 2 guards, the party begin the search. At the murder scene, they find evidence of a forced entry, violent smashing of furniture, and Peter sized bloody footprints. At the blacksmiths, Steel Appeal, they learn that "Peter" came in 2 days prior with an order for one greataxe, one hammer, and one dagger. The hammer wasn't available, but he paid a steep price for priority forging and delivery to and address in the Spine. The party decided to visit the address, with the guards in plain clothes, and backup following behind. Veris spotted the others and decided to remain hidden, sneaking into the house they were scoping out. After the violent surprise meeting, no one trusted anyone else, and a game of hammer chicken was initiated to prove themselves. At this point one of the guards discretely transformed into Peter and began mutilating the body of the guard he had previously been mimicking. Fortunately, thanks to the unexpected suspicion and tests, he was discovered by the other guard while both Peters were visible, ruining his latest plan to frame Peter. Unable to flee due to a compelled duel from Barley, both Peters faced off. Peter first took his axe, cutting off his ponytail so the party could tell who was who. Peter was victorious, forcing the Doppelganger into it's true form. When questioned, it revealed it was behind the murders of Peters family, and had been "Hired, to disgrace. By The Lord of the Iron Mountain." On returning to the palace and being summoned by the recovering king, it became apparent the crownsguard had pinpointed the headquarters of the terrorists. After being thanked by the king for their role in his rescue, the party revealed their connection with Seirrayrth. In response, the king gave his permission to search the headquarters of the terrorists to see if there was any connection to the bigger picture. Sure enough, on the leader of the Lionscrest, Veris found a small stone, similar to the one they found on the red dragon Dysinnith. As he held it, Veris received a message in his mind, a voice demanding to "continue spreading chaos, finish off the king". When Veris asked who it was, there was no reply. As they finally went to rest, Barley saw a vision of a forest, a blight, mountains, and a shooting star.