---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/adventure/arc-2/a2-e4/"}
---

Waking to a palace herald at the front door accompanied by guards, the party are presented with a coffer filled with platinum, and are invited to a ceremony thanking the party for their heroism. A group name is also requested. The Party settle on "The Friday Knights".

Much spending of platinum ensues at Vomuzo's Emporium. Peter finds an art shop where he meets a halfling artist who specializes in abstract art. Peter inserts his own piece of art amongst the shop wares. Barley heads to the order of the gauntlet to seek advice about his dream that has been repeating to him. [[NPCs/Nordurk Crestmaul\|Nordurk Crestmaul]] advises to stay alert for a clear path to fulfil his purpose. Peter notices while eating at the Snoring Orc that the utensil of choice is the Foon Peter designed at [[Locations/West/Garret's Workshop\|Garret's Workshop]]. Veris got knocked aside in the crowd and later found paper with a pirates black spot in his pocket. Through the day, Veris also feels very slight and occasional mental twinges.
The party question a surviving lieutenant (Batun) of the Lions Crest apprehended the previous day, and learn of a hooded man who dropped off the mysterious orb and stone to the leader (Khurden). Batun has suspicions these objects were used to manipulate Khurden.

That evening at the ceremony, the king and his wife take the stage, the king commending the "Friday Knights" for saving his life and protecting Avicrest. In his speech he mentions his desire to strengthen bonds with elven neighbors.

Inside the castle at the evenings feast, the King introduces the Friday Knights to [[NPCs/Afamrail Galabroodle\|Afamrail Galabroodle]], his elven friend and a diplomat from [[Locations/Central/Kyslenora\|Kyslenora]]. When asked if anything had been learned about the magic orb, Toki remembers experiencing a slight weakening while in its presence. Toki wonders if its mind numbing effects were used on the wizard that bombed the palace to get to the king. While discussing the apparent gathering of "dark forces", Toki relates finding an orc camp in his recent travels, which had an orc with one eye in impressive royal garb, he suspects these forces may also be being manipulated. Dalabroodle informs us that some of his people have headed south to investigate the orc threat, and as he is now alone in [[Locations/West/Avicrest\|Avicrest]] he asks for the Friday Knights to escort him home, which they agree to. The party waits before answering to discuss. Bored of the festivities, Peter pours his fire breathing potion into the punch served at the feast. A noble takes a sip of it and feels the side effects. He burns onto a guard set him on fire. The guards arrest him while he is constantly burping. Toki sneakily shoves the punch off the table to stop others drinking it.

[[NPCs/Seirrayrth the Silver\|Seirrayrth the Silver]] sends a message to Veris saying he has found important information and wishes to meet at [[Locations/Central/Dimhill\|Dimhill]] in a few days.
The Friday Knights head out with Afamrail through The Faint Forest, but strange sights and a sense of danger await them...