---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/adventure/arc-2/a2-e5/"}
---

While the Friday Knights were able to skilfully navigate their way through strange environment of [[Locations/Central/The Faint Forest\|The Faint Forest]], they were ambushed by an Orc Scouting Party wearing roughly crafted enchanted opal necklaces. As the Knights pulled the necklace from the last Orc standing, the Treants guarding the forest became aware of the mortal enemies of the Elves, and violently finished them off.
On delivering [[NPCs/Afamrail Galabroodle\|Afamrail Galabroodle]] safely to the entrance to [[Locations/Central/Kyslenora\|Kyslenora]], they parted ways to head north, observing strange and colourful distortions around the mysterious city.

On exiting the the forest and making camp, Barley sees the exact content of his visions play out, a distant shooting star impacting a mountaintop. After considering through the night, he announces he will be parting ways with the Friday Knights for now, to follow his oath and destiny, whatever that might mean. He rides into the sunrise atop his unnaturally fast and buff sheeply steed.

Veris, Peter and Toki enter the Lucky Goose in [[Locations/Central/Dimhill\|Dimhill]], where their adventure began months ago. Meeting [[NPCs/Seirrayrth the Silver\|Seirrayrth the Silver]], he shows them 2 things:

1. An ancient journal that supposedly belonged to the original occupant of his tower, one part of which speaks cryptically of "Titans, Elements Incarnate", "Destruction", "Rifts", before descending into mad scrawlings. Seir believes this is connected to The Cataclysm, the unknown event 1000 years that no one can remember world events prior.
2. A green sending stone he says he acquired from the Lizard King of the lizardfolk in [[Locations/South/The Bog of Brisree\|The Bog of Brisree]] to the south, who were attacking the Hillbilly tribes of swamp halflings. He believes it shows someone external is influencing those disposed to causing chaos.

The party share the sending stones they have collected, Red from the Red Dragon Dysinneth, and Blue from Khurden Pusha (Leader of the Lions Crest). They agree this is evidence a single person is behind all of these forces. Seir attempts to contact this person by posing as [[NPCs/Dysinneth the Red\|Dysinneth the Red]], but instead a shiver comes over Veris and he hears the same voice he heard when first picking up the blue stone. The cold, calculating voice of the [[NPCs/Mysterious Stranger\|Mysterious Stranger]] promises disaster on those meddling in his affairs, and says he has eyes everywhere.

Resolved to continue meddling, the remaining 3 members of the Friday Knights head west once again to follow a possible lead in [[Locations/West/Whitebridge\|Whitebridge]]...