---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/adventure/arc-1-the-dragons-tower/a1-e10/"}
---

The party continued to climb the tower on [[Locations/North/Greyscale Peak\|Greyscale Peak]], despite exhaustion starting to set in. Climbing on the outside of the tower, Veris triggered a magic trap that made the stone greasy, but managed to avoid falling from the tower. On the 2nd floor they found a study/lab and some storage space. Climbing to the top of the tower, they found a healing potion. On entering the main chamber, Seir's voice became deep and booming, as he apologized for withholding the truth. Inside they faced off against [[NPCs/Dysinneth the Red\|Dysinneth the Red]], a young Red Dragon. [[NPCs/Seirrayrth the Silver\|Seirrayrth the Silver]] transformed into his true self, a young Silver Dragon. After a vicious battle, with the strength of Barleys blessing, Veris and Peter grounded and killed the dragon. Seirrayrth, his lair restored to him, told the players this was not an isolated event, that something has been driving evil forces into motion. As well as chromatic Dragons, other creatures, armies, tribes, are all beginning to push. The party agreed to work with Seirrayrth to protect civilization from these incursions and get to the bottom of whatever is behind it. Seir suggested starting by speaking to the King of [[Locations/West/Avicrest\|Avicrest]]. He gifted the party a small homestead in The Strata - Avicrest, and offered half of his treasure hoard, where the party found coin, artwork, and magical items, as well as a strange stone face Dysinnith was clutching. They made their way back to Avicrest over a few days, celebrated at [[Locations/West/The Snoring Orc\|The Snoring Orc]] where they caught the final performance of [[NPCs/The Nine Inch Flails\|The Nine Inch Flails]], and found their way to their new home.