---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/adventure/arc-1-the-dragons-tower/a1-e8/"}
---

Barley awoke to hear Veris crashing through his bedroom door and acting weird. After discussing plans and mourning Rubredd over breakfast, visited the newly opened Vomzumo Emporium, and met Remington Vomzumo. Had him identify some magic items and potions. Left for Dimhill, and were attacked by a group of "enforcers" en route, who followed them from Avicrest and were employed to "teach you a lesson." They were brutally dealt with, leaving one alive to question. The ginger orphan, Stroude, identified the employer as possibly being named Dehevon. The party gave him some gold and sent him back to Avicrest. On arriving at The Lucky Goose in Dimhill, the party discovered Rubredd was very much alive. Confused to why they were summoned, they sat and drank with him for a while. Once the party were alone in the tavern, a previously invisible person revealed himself and approached them. This silver-haired, youthful looking man identified himself as Seir. He explained he had been the one who had left out all the magical items the party had recently encountered, to create situations that an adventuring party would rise to. He then asked to recruit the party for a quest, to slay a young red dragon that had settled in the area and in the future would become a grave threat. The party agreed and they set out across the Badlands, a cracked, dry, lifeless landscape. En Route they discovered an out of place chunk of a house from long ago. On finding a suspicious mound, the party caught the attention of some beast.